d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.deps.json
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.pdb
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\testhost.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\xunit.abstractions.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\xunit.assert.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\xunit.core.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.pdb
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\tests\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Application.Tests.genruntimeconfig.cache
