D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.deps.json
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.dll
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.pdb
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.dll
D:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.pdb
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Core.dll
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Core.pdb
d:\Desenvolvimento\CSharp\AspNetCore\TESTES\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.deps.json
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.dll
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.pdb
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Core.dll
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Core.pdb
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.dll
c:\Desenvolvimento\Testes\TestesDeSoftware\02 - TDD\src\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NerdStore.Vendas.Domain.pdb
